# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
accelerate==1.2.1
    # via
    #   bada (pyproject.toml)
    #   auto-gptq
    #   peft
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via httpx
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
auto-gptq==0.7.1
    # via bada (pyproject.toml)
av==14.0.1
    # via qwen-vl-utils
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via optimum
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
datasets==2.19.1
    # via
    #   auto-gptq
    #   optimum
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via llama-cpp-python
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gekko==1.2.1
    # via auto-gptq
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.27.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   optimum
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jax==0.4.38
    # via bada (pyproject.toml)
jaxlib==0.4.38
    # via jax
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   torch
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.12
    # via
    #   bada (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.12
    # via bada (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.4
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.2.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
llama-cpp-python==0.3.4
    # via bada (pyproject.toml)
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.2
    # via dataclasses-json
ml-dtypes==0.5.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   auto-gptq
    #   datasets
    #   gekko
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   optimum
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via jax
optimum==1.23.3
    # via bada (pyproject.toml)
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   optimum
    #   peft
    #   qwen-vl-utils
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via datasets
peft==0.14.0
    # via auto-gptq
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   qwen-vl-utils
    #   torchvision
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.0
    # via langchain-community
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   peft
    #   transformers
qwen-vl-utils==0.0.8
    # via bada (pyproject.toml)
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   qwen-vl-utils
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rouge==1.0.1
    # via auto-gptq
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   auto-gptq
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via auto-gptq
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rouge
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   optimum
    #   torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.5.1+cu124
    # via
    #   bada (pyproject.toml)
    #   accelerate
    #   auto-gptq
    #   optimum
    #   peft
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.20.1+cu124
    # via bada (pyproject.toml)
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   auto-gptq
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   transformers
transformers==4.47.1
    # via
    #   bada (pyproject.toml)
    #   auto-gptq
    #   optimum
    #   peft
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via requests
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
